! File: perls.txt
! Info: Append this file to .Xresources to enable the perl extension created by Bert Muennich
! For these plugins use https://github.com/muennich/urxvt-perls for guidance, not the Arch Wiki page.

! For all three urxvt-perls plugins, let us set the perl extention directory.
URxvt.perl-lib: ~/.urxvt/ext/
! set which plugins to use.
URxvt.perl-ext: clipboard,keyboard-select,url-select

! keyboard-select
! Use keyboard shortcuts to select and copy text.
! TODO: Should I consider: M-c for keyboard select?
URxvt.keysym.M-Escape: perl:keyboard-select:activate
! Use the following line to overwrites the default Meta-s binding
! and allows to activate keyboard-select directly in backward search mode.
! I am not keen about this command.
URxvt.keysym.M-s: perl:keyboard-select:search

! url-select
! Use keyboard shortcuts to select URLs.
! This should be used as a replacement for the default matcher extension,
! it also makes URLs clickable with the middle mouse button.
! Hopefully we can use right click instead.
! As much as I detest using the mouse, when you click on URLs, it makes sense.
URxvt.keysym.M-u: perl:url-select:select_next
! Select which program to handle urls.
! Alternatively, we could use /usr/bin/firefox
URxvt.url-select.launcher: /usr/bin/xdg-open
! use a mouse button to click-open urls. The default is 2 (right click)
! TODO: can I shift+left click to do this?
URxvt.url-select.button:2
! under line any urls.
! TODO: Is there an option to do this on hover?
URxvt.url-select.underline: true
! Set the color for underline text.
! Most people just set this to yellow if on a black background.
! Blue on a white background.
URxvt.colorUL: #ffff00
! Set the color for the underline itself.  If not set, it will use the foreground color.
URxvt*underlineColor: #ffff00

! clipboard
! Use keyboard shortcuts to copy the selection to the clipboard 
! and to paste the clipboard contents (optionally escaping all special characters).
URxvt.keysym.M-c:   perl:clipboard:copy
URxvt.keysym.M-v:   perl:clipboard:paste
URxvt.keysym.M-C-v: perl:clipboard:paste_escaped
! The default copy and paste clipboard commands URXVT usrs 
! URxvt.clipboard.copycmd:  xsel -ib
! URxvt.clipboard.pastecmd: xsel -ob

